Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(Lee Jun Young)
(Lee Ju Myoung)
(Jeon Hye Jin. Jin Goo)
(Reborn Rookie)
I thought you still hadn't got over
the trauma from your accident.
And here you are. racing like a maniac.
This is exactly why it's
so hard to trust people.
You...
really picked the wrong
person to mess with.
Did you really think...
I wouldn't find out who you are?
Lee Sang Jae's spy.
You have free rein of the racetrack.
and only Lee Sang Jae knows
the code to the key locker.
- That's not it.
- A luxury imported car...
and a designer suit.
That watch is worth
over 50.000 dollars too.
Whose pocket do you think
all that money came from?
What were your orders?
Did he tell you to stick by
me and dig up some dirt?
Is this really how you've
been treating people?
Behind Chairman Kang's back?
Maybe a little pain will jog your memory.
Bring it on. you jerks! I'll kill you all!
Turns out you're just like your old man.
That darn car that ruined my soccer career.
I was going to crash it and
smash it to pieces anyway!
I had to see what kind of car
could shatter my legs of steel.
I took it for a spin first.
You got a problem with that?
But...
I couldn't bring myself to do it.
A coward who's spent his whole
life in a cheap rooftop apartment...
lacks the guts to crash that
car! What do you want from me?
This cheap knockoff watch.
You think that'd make me beat
the heir to some conglomerate?
And you think that's going
to make me feel any better?
Darn!
Is that really it?
You think I gave you that port project...
so you could treat me like this?
Maybe I should go to Lee Sang
Jae and just spill everything?
No matter how you look at
it. you're the suspicious one.
Unbelievable.
And still not a single word of apology.
I can't work with you if
this is how it's going to be.
I'm not taking the job in your office.
- What?
- I said I'm not on your side.
President Kang Jae Gyeong.
you've made a huge mistake.
Is that clear?
I have no intention of keeping
an unvetted person around. either.
Darn it.
Goodness.
That darn witch.
This was worth 100.000 dollars.
Monitor Hwang Jun Hyeon's
every move and report back to me.
Especially his connection to Lee Sang Jae.
Yes. ma'am.
For the first time in a while.
it felt like I could breathe.
I guess I can't come here anymore. can I?
What was that?
Goodness.
Looks like everyone is out to get me today.
What's your deal?
Why do you have this?
- Do you even know what this is?
- The key to the Crown Palace Suite.
So how did you get your hands on it?
That's the Chairman's safe house.
Nobody knows about it but me.
The Chairman kept this
card in his private safe.
I'm the one who took it out of there.
You stole the Chairman's
cane from his hospital room?
You little jerk.
I had no choice.
- It's how I open the safe.
- What did you do to the Chairman?
Did you threaten him?
Was the collision on purpose too?
You still don't know who I am?
You're Lee Sang Jae of
Jangmi Villa in Heukseok-dong.
What?
Isn't your mother's death
anniversary coming up soon?
She was a kind soul.
I was very fond of her.
Did you run a background check on me too?
- You crazy son of a witch.
- It's me!
I'm Chairman Kang. Kang Yong Ho!
I'm telling you. that's me.
I was with you when your mother
died to bury her on Baekryeong Island.
How could you not recognize me?
- How could you possibly know that?
- We have so many memories together.
Because of the hurricane in
the US. our flight was canceled.
The groom and the officiant
almost missed the wedding.
You have no idea how on edge I was.
I haven't officiated any
weddings since yours.
Wait...
These days.
I keep thinking about the
Dubai hotel construction.
Remember sand in our noses and
ears. no matter how much we washed?
Who told you that?
That story isn't even in the
Chairman's autobiography.
I'm telling you. I'm Kang Yong Ho.
You crazy punk!
What makes you think you're
Kang Yong Ho the Chairman?
You're obviously Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Then again. to a materialist like you.
telling our souls were
swapped must sound like a joke.
I told you to work on that grip strength.
How do you expect to ever
beat me at arm wrestling like that?
If you're truly Chairman Kang's
man. you'll come for me soon enough.
No way.
There's no way.
Kang Yong Ho...
He can't possibly be the Chairman.
Sang Jae must be losing
his mind right about now.
That's what you get for not
recognizing me. you punk!
(Crown Palace Hotel)
Darn it...
For goodness' sake.
Gosh.
I really don't want to live here.
So why did I bring up
the rooftop apartment?
Darn it!
(Nurse Song)
Hello. this is Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Sir. we've finished the
tests for your grandmother.
Her dementia isn't severe.
but she keeps asking for her grandson.
The change in her surroundings
seems to be making her anxious.
Would you consider taking her home?
That's ridiculous.
You know the most luxurious
hospital-affiliated nursing home?
Just take her there for
now. Tell her I'll visit soon.
Right.
Anywhere is better than this dump.
Does this place even have
a proper shower system?
Gosh. it's cold!
Unbelievable.
I've never slept on the
floor in my entire life.
I can't get a wink of sleep
unless it's on a Hastens mattress!
I slept so well.
What? I shouldn't have slept so well.
What is taking him so long
just to change his clothes?
Wearing your heart on
your sleeve is a bad habit.
Aren't you upset. Father?
If you add the C&T shares
you acquired a borrowed name...
and Director Song's
slush fund that he ran with.
our losses total 500 million.
Plus. we lost the port project.
I don't know how much longer
we should trust Kang Jae Seong.
Kang Jae Seong...
is the bait to catch Choiseong.
The time to harpoon the
whale will be here soon.
You haven't ordered yet?
I already ordered the American breakfast.
My son-in-law here is
certainly unflappable.
The port project fell through.
and you still have your appetite.
I may not show it.
but I'm raging on the inside.
I'm having Director Song.
that jerk's records dug up.
I will find whoever is behind this.
and I will tear them limb from limb.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
I already confirmed it. It was
President Kang Jae Gyeong.
He said he found out
through Commissioner Ahn.
Did you really kill Director Song
to frame him for your slush fund?
And on top of that. she
steals the port project?
I ought to just...
Why trust a nobody with that big money...
when you have your wife right here?
If not for Chairman
Kang. Eun Se would be...
president of a Taeha subsidiary.
What century is this? Keep her
home just because she's married?
All while he's trying to make
his daughter the Chairman.
- Talk about a double standard.
- No.
Kang Jae Gyeong will
never become the Chairman.
But I hear they call her
Chairman at Choiseong.
Father.
Don't you think you're
being too hard on him?
Honey. what are you doing?
He did his best but was backstabbed.
It's not because he's incompetent.
You said we're family. didn't
you? Then you need to trust him...
and have his back.
Honey.
Are you really confident...
that you can beat your sister this time?
Of course.
I can't stand losing.
Then bring me GF Solution.
- Me?
- We are in the process...
of acquiring GF Solution.
a rechargeable battery developer.
But that's...
the company Kang Jae Gyeong has her eye on.
An eye for an eye. You
have to pay her back in kind.
Use Taeha's money if you need
it. I don't want my son-in-law...
to be pushed around.
Thank you. Father.
I love you!
He resides in Aejeong-dong.
He has a grandmother with dementia.
but she's now in a nursing home.
The car's a lease.
And his suit and watch
look like knockoffs too.
Dig deeper. This could all be a front.
Don't trust anything
until we can confirm it.
Yes. President Kang.
The whole company is on my side now.
Now that we've secured the port project.
let's press ahead to make
me Chairman right away.
What's the situation with GF Solution?
Just as planned. they're being
held back by the debt they incurred...
while expanding their production lines.
If they can't honor their
notes by the end of this week.
they'll go bankrupt.
Contact the bank presidents.
Tell them I want to see them.
She's so ruthless.
How can she go at it for a full hour?
Kang Jae Gyeong plans
to bankrupt GF Solution.
Gosh. Says who?
Yes. Manager Park.
Any news on that favor
I asked for yesterday?
(Materials Team 2)
(Material Team 2)
I've got a tail. so it's hard
for me to move around.
Could you get some cash for me?
About five million dollars.
The young master...
is putting his complete trust in me.
Don't mess this up. Park Bong Gi.
My heart was pounding
so hard bringing this over.
Being tailed? Seriously...
The lives of you chaebol
folks are really something else.
What are you going
to do with all this cash?
There's a company that President
Kang Jae Gyeong is coveting.
and I thought I'd "help"
out with the acquisition.
An acquisition?
Isn't the EV market a bit shaky
from all the battery explosions?
Consumer demand is plummeting too.
GF Solution has new solid-state
tech that addresses that very issue.
And they're about to commercialize it.
Why would you help her
with this? If she pulls this off.
she'll be fast-tracked
for Chairman. It's a given.
We're a little short.
That's impossible. I
didn't misplace a single bill.
Every single bill is here.
Are you sure?
I wouldn't even stoop to
pick up a coin on the street.
All right. the current exchange
rate is 1.465 won. right?
So. five billion won.
converted to US dollars.
comes out to 3.415.021 dollars.
In 100-dollar bills. that's 34.150 bills.
One. two. three.
five. ten.
Each bundle has 100 bills.
So that's 341 bundles here.
(34.150 bills. 100 bills
a bundle. 341 bundles)
plus 50 bills. That's 3.415.000 dollars.
I'm as law-abiding as they come.
I'm just kidding.
Young Master. You
really had me going there.
Here. This is for your trouble.
Send some spending
money to your kids in Canada.
Or buy your wife a new handbag.
Gosh. this much?
Thank you so much. To be honest.
at first. I didn't believe you
were really the Chairman's son.
The Chairman is not exactly...
much to look at.
He's got that big nose and beady eyes.
A wide. flat face.
But you. Young Master.
you're the whole package. inside and out.
You sure...
do talk a lot. don't you?
I need to see Casey. so just
cover for me with the staff.
Got it.
Wide and flat?
Why is he always with Casey?
Don't tell me he likes Casey...
more than he likes me?
CEO Kim. you know what
the economy is like these days.
Approving corporate loans isn't easy.
There's nothing more we can do for you.
This coffee is excellent.
While you're at it. why not call in
GF Solution's bonds. Mr. President?
Then will Choiseong
Chemical's payroll accounts...
- be moved over to our bank?
- Since you came all this way.
of course.
The secretary told the cleaners
to make sure her office is spotless.
She said some VIPs are coming.
She must be summoning bank heads
to squeeze GF Solution's finances.
Yes. President. We'll
handle it as you've instructed.
(Kim Sang Do. CEO of GF Solution)
Very well.
The president of Joseong
Bank? What is she plotting now?
We want to partner with Joseong
Bank for the new Choiseong Bio project.
So I suggest you clear out
your smaller corporate loans.
Are you just going to let
Kang Jae Gyeong do this?
She corners them. then offers
help. Who's going to say no?
I'm the one who taught her that.
That results are all that matter.
And that winning is everything.
no matter how you do it.
- What about Kang Jae Seong?
- He went golfing...
with Chairman Na in the morning.
The driver says he's sticking
close to his father-in-law lately.
I thought he'd be kicked to the
curb after blowing the port project.
Ever hear of the sunk cost fallacy?
Do you really think I'm that stupid?
You're throwing good money
after bad because you can't let go...
So you're saying Chairman
Na would invest more in it...
than let Kang Jae Gyeong become Chairman?
And Kang Jae Seong must be desperate.
We expect the bid from Chemical
to be under 100 million dollars.
Good. Then let's offer 100 million dollars.
President Kang. that's
the lowest we can offer.
We have the port project
funds. What's the problem?
If we invest C&T's division
funds into Chemical...
Do you really think that'll get approved?
She could become the Chairman
tomorrow for all we know.
This is a life-or-death
moment. and you're nitpicking?
I see. You are...
already siding with Kang Jae Gyeong?
VP Choi. are you also afraid
that I'll lose to Kang Jae Gyeong?
Are you disrespecting me to my face?
No. of course not. President.
I told you not to worry.
I'll use my father-in-law's money.
Even if it's 1 billion. not 100 million.
I'm going to acquire
GF Solution. This time.
I need to see Kang Jae Gyeong...
crying tears of blood.
- Okay. It's time to make our move.
- Right.
Hold on. What are you wearing?
- You're rich. Why dress like that?
- What? What's wrong? It's...
It's my disguise to avoid the twins.
It's a thing. You wouldn't get it.
- It's lame.
- It's cute.
- Lame.
- It is cute. Come on. let's go.
What do you know?
- Let's go.
- Is this a spy movie?
You're too much.
Talk to me after you've been tailed before.
But is it really okay for
us to be out like this?
They'll throw a fit. saying
the newbies are missing again.
Manager Park is probably
on the line to cover for us.
What?
Hwang Jun Hyeon. Casey.
Are you two really going
to keep working like this?
Are you?
If you can't handle basic tasks.
how are you going to get anywhere?
You're not leaving this room until
you've sorted these documents.
Got it? Water? No drinking water!
It'll make you have to
pee. No pooping either!
Gosh. those two...
What's going on? You
were even yelling at Casey.
Why are you handling them
yourself? I can train them.
No. it's fine... I'll give
them my special attention.
Otherwise. you all get
too stressed to work.
Manager Park. you're so sweet.
All right. back to your desks. Now.
If you go easy on them.
you'll just spoil them.
Okay?
Let's get back to work.
Managing Director. what brings you here?
Where is Hwang Jun Hyeon?
- What is this regarding?
- Should I go get him?
- He's not in there.
- What? What do you mean he's not?
He could've stepped out.
- What?
- No. he's writing a report...
His concentration wavers
if he organizes files in there.
Stop rambling. Is he here or not?
He is not...
Good grief.
- His desk?
- This way. sir.
(Employee: Hwang Jun Hyeon)
(Port project. Gangwon Province?)
No. how can this be...
Director. if you could just
tell me what this is about.
I'll pass the message along
to Jun Hyeon as quickly as...
Get back to work. everyone. It's fine.
I'm losing my mind.
Seriously. why is everything...
messed up?
Young Master. we have an emergency.
(To Managing Director Lee Sang Jae)
(I. Kang Yong Ho. hereby command.)
(Port project. Gangwon Province?)
No way.
(As of this moment. succession
of Choiseong Group by bloodline...)
(An undervalued region
with great metro area access)
Let's meet at our usual spot around 10pm.
Make sure you're not followed.
Chairman?
What's with the long
face? Who are you texting?
- Who is it?
- Just someone.
Someone I really have to meet.
A girlfriend?
I'll change and be
right out. so wait for me.
Hang on.
I need to use the bathroom too.
Number two?
Number one.
Over there.
Stay out of sight.
Butler Jo. why is this so salty?
Don't you know kids my age
need low-sugar. low-sodium meals?
- It's not that salty.
- Gross! Why are you eating my food?
Make it again.
I'm your grandma. What's the big deal?
Who are you calling a grandma?
Butler Jo. we're not blood-related.
Il Jun. I changed your diapers...
and made your baby food. I raised you.
- Where did you learn to be so rude?
- Isn't that what butlers are for?
Are you scolding me? I'm telling my mom!
Hey. aren't you a little
old to be a tattletale?
You're in elementary
school. so grow up already.
Butler Jo. water.
Not too hot. not too cold.
You know the drill. right?
Butler Jo. bring my soup first.
Those little brats.
Our driver?
- No one told us about a new driver.
- Your grandfather sent me.
What are you talking about?
Our grandpa is on his deathbed.
He's standing right behind you!
- Hey!
- Are you messing with us?
Hardly.
Yes. Is that right. Chairman?
Min Il Jun.
He asks if you've
forgotten he forgave you...
for breaking the vase
he cherishes last year.
And what else. Chairman? Kang I Jun.
You're the one who took the
golden turtle from his study!
That's what he's saying.
He says he's watching
everything you two do.
His body may be in
bed. but his spirit is here...
right here with you.
If you ever call your
grandma "Butler Jo" again.
he'll come haunt you in
your sleep every night.
Be respectful when you
address her and be polite.
Or else.
the moment he wakes up.
he'll take away all your stocks.
Got it?
And our meeting is a secret.
- Answer me.
- Yes. sir!
Now go.
Gosh. As if I'm dying.
Gosh.
If it's his girlfriend. he
should've just said so.
"Just someone. Someone
I really have to meet."
Goodness. It's not like I care or anything.
Hwang Jun Hyeon?
Grandma. thanks for dinner.
Thank you. as always.
We'll be on our way. then.
Since when are the little
monsters in this house so polite?
Tell me about it. When did you get...
And what in the world are you wearing?
What do you think. Mom? Don't
I look great? Gorgeous. right?
He'll fall for me at first sight. right?
Your father is going to
flip when he sees that.
And ask where you
think you're going in that.
Hey! Where are you going
in that? Well. look at you.
Why's your skirt so short?
And your shoulders are bare.
This is just a scrap of fabric.
I told you to dress with class.
Did I tell you to look trashy?
What are you talking about? It's cute.
As if.
If you think it's so bad.
I can just go change.
Forget it. We don't
have time. Let's just go.
What? Are you planning
on taking a nap back there?
I said we're out of time. What
am I going to do with you?
Just go. Who said we weren't going?
You. ride shotgun.
Because today. I'm your assistant.
Unbelievable.
There he goes again. being all charming.
Seriously.
You said you'd extend my loan.
so how can you just go
back on your word like this?
I'm begging you. please reconsider.
I'm ruined if I can't make
the payment this week.
Hello?
Darn!
What's wrong with this thing?
Gosh!
Why are you coming out? Aren't you working?
We can't do this anymore.
It's been three months.
You have to pay us if
you expect us to work.
If the factory stops. how are we
supposed to make our deliveries?
What deliveries? You told
us your loan was rejected.
Are you letting us starve for the company?
You're going too far. CEO Kim.
- Let's go.
- Come on. guys. cut me some slack!
- Please. just once. help me out.
- We can't work for you anymore.
We have to make the deliveries!
It's been three months! Three months!
What are we. volunteers?
Pay us on time.
What is this. seriously?
CEO Kim Sang Do?
As you demanded. President Kang.
I even took out a risky loan
to expand our production line.
so how can you suddenly
cut our order volume in half?
Large projects came up suddenly.
so our cash flow is a bit tight.
Which brings me to my point.
(Choiseong Chemical: GF
Solution Acquisition Proposal)
Sell your company.
For 80 million dollars.
What is the meaning of this?
Choiseong Chemical accounts
for 35 percent of your revenue.
And you can't even make payroll.
If we cut you off. you'll be
forced to sell for even less.
Do you really want to see
the company you've poured...
your entire life into end up like that?
I'm...
here to help you. CEO Kim.
I'm not your enemy.
CEO Kim. are you in?
You people from Choiseong
are taking turns harassing me.
Is my company just some market
fish for you all to haggle over?
Goodness.
I know.
I know Kang Jae Gyeong was
just here trying to lowball you.
But the one who blocked your bank loan...
was her.
She backed you into a corner
to take over your company.
Is that true?
Why would I be doing this.
airing my sister's dirty laundry?
Because I can't stand by and watch
a great company be treated so badly.
Unlike Kang Jae Gyeong.
who doesn't know its true worth.
I'm the better choice.
Even 100 million dollars
wouldn't be enough.
What. 100 million dollars?
Get out right now! Get out!
(GF Solution)
No. don't.
For a guy with a rinky-dink
shop. he's playing hard to get.
Contact my father-in-law.
His precious son-in-law needs more money.
Have you looked into Choiseong
Chemical's liquid assets?
Yes. as for what they
can mobilize immediately...
is 100 million dollars. maximum.
- So if it costs more than that...
- They'll have a tough time.
They don't have the cash reserves.
On top of that. the opposition
from the executives will be fierce.
Shall we push Kang Jae Gyeong to the brink?
Make her pour out all of
her hidden slush funds.
You can't expect to get a good
price for a dead cow. can you?
What. is there a rumor going
around that my company's bankrupt?
I'm not selling to anyone. so just go.
If it's a dead cow. I'll go down with it.
Doing that will only benefit
Choiseong Chemical.
The moment you shut your doors.
they'll be in here picking the place clean.
Just who are you?
I'm Chief Hwang.
(CEO Kim Sang Do)
An M&A expert with the Midas touch
who can revive even dying companies.
Would you be interested in meeting them?
Please come this way.
Our CEO uses this
space as a live-work office.
It's quite spacious. so
it's good for a quiet talk.
Darn. This is nice.
Hi. welcome.
Sorry to bring you here
on such short notice.
What?
Sorry. I just got back from the US.
I'm Casey Kang. the M&A specialist.
Right.
Good work. Chief Hwang.
Please. have a seat.
Would you care for some whiskey?
It's from a company I invested in.
It's quite good.
Allow me.
This place belongs to my dad
too. but he acts like he owns it all.
It's all part of the strategy.
It could end up being ours. you know.
I'll pass on the drink.
How did you hear about my company?
It's not known outside our industry.
Didn't Chief Hwang tell you?
I don't waste my money
on worthless ventures.
That's right. she doesn't.
She won't even spend a
penny. let alone a dollar.
But...
when it comes to GF Solution.
She's willing to invest
five million dollars.
You can use this money to
get the factory up and running.
A real businessman...
doesn't just take money
without knowing the terms.
Tell me what you want.
You're an investor. so what are your terms?
A 30 percent stake in GF Solution.
You're worse than Choiseong.
How dare you try to take
my company for nothing...
Your new All-Solid-State
Battery technology...
I'll make sure you get
what it's truly worth.
Let's sell it to Choiseong
Chemical for 300 million dollars.
Choiseong Chemical isn't run by fools.
Why would they agree
to such a ridiculous price?
If this plan fails. the deal will be off.
and they might even
sever their ties with me.
Then I'll be completely wiped out.
We will make them buy it. Guaranteed.
On one condition. CEO Kim.
Just promise to trust us
completely and not to betray us.
Well.
if you can really pull it off...
So.
what do you need me to do?
Let's draw up the contract first.
First. you need to avoid bankruptcy.
You need to get the factory
running to attract the bees.
I've got to run. I have an appointment.
At this hour?
Who are you meeting? And where?
I'm afraid that's private.
Must be a date. right?
- He looks like he has a girlfriend.
- CEO Kim!
That's a mean thing to say.
What? No. I just...
Sorry I'm a little late.
What are you doing out
here? You'll catch a cold.
I wanted to see you the moment you arrived.
Have you been well all this time?
How could I have been well without you?
You know the answer to that.
Chairman.
After watching everything
that has happened.
I can only imagine how
much you've suffered.
I should have realized
what was going on sooner.
I feel terrible that I
couldn't be of any help.
and I'm truly sorry.
No. don't be sorry.
After my children betrayed me. I
was thinking life was meaningless.
But seeing you again gives me strength.
Thank you.
For proving that I. Kang Yong
Ho. haven't lived my life in vain.
Honestly. You.
That's enough. Get up.
President Lee.
Long time no see.
Gosh. how did I manage to fall?
My knees just gave out on me.
Wait a minute. Isn't your
second son graduating?
Ever since he was little.
he's been dying to work for us.
You remember that. don't you?
This is one of our new hires.
but he's a bit out of it.
He's an employee on watch.
Snap out of it!
It's raining.
No way.
Gosh. Chairman. Your
appetite is incredible.
I feel hungry again the
minute I turn around.
Go on. you want to feel?
- I'm all solid. lean muscle.
- Good grief.
Being young really is a wonderful thing.
I can protect Choiseong too.
And in the meantime.
you've recovered President
Kang Jae Seong's slush fund...
and snatched back the port project.
You were so busy doing it all alone.
- And I had no idea.
- I wasn't alone.
Bang Geul has really grown into her own.
Don't tell me Bang Geul knows too?
That you're in Hwang Jun Hyeon's body?
Hey!
- It's a secret. For now.
- Right.
- Sang Jae.
- Yes. Chairman.
There's a lot I need to gain from now on.
And there will be a lot I
have to discard as well.
That's why I've made
you the acting chairman.
Chairman. just give me the
word. What do you need me to do?
All right. First...
Take me to the office.
(12:07am. Thursday. February 5)
What kind of company is this?
We work late every night. Darn.
Gosh. I'm exhausted.
At 12:07am. Hwang Jun
Hyeon is leaving work.
Gosh. I'm exhausted.
So tired. Goodness.
Tomorrow. I'll have some fun with you guys.
Still no word from CEO Kim?
He hasn't been answering
his phone all morning.
Head to GF Solution.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Good morning. sis.
What's wrong? Is something the matter?
Why the long face this
morning. Kang Jae Gyeong?
Our day hasn't even started yet.
There you are. my dear sister.
CEO Kim.
You weren't answering your phone.
I couldn't seem to find my phone.
Looking for this?
Yes. That's it.
It kept buzzing under my butt so much.
so I thought I was sitting
on a massage chair.
Were you calling him a lot. sis?
Well. then. Choiseong's
gentleman will get going.
Okay.
Just sign the acquisition proposal.
and we can play some golf soon.
Take care.
- Take care.
- All right then.
Don't tell me...
you dealing with C&T.
And why shouldn't I?
How about I cut you off
from Chemical right now?
- Let's see you avoid bankruptcy.
- Why would I go bankrupt?
My factory is running perfectly fine.
Why the surprised look?
What are you going to do?
Block all our bank loans again?
You actually believe anything
Kang Jae Seong tells you?
Either way. I'm not selling to you.
Unless you offer more than C&T. that is.
What's your price?
Put yourself in my shoes.
If you were me. President
Kang. what would your price be?
(GF Solution)
Darn it.
Chief Hwang. just like you said.
those two showed up this morning.
Run the factory at full
capacity. 24 hours in 3 shifts.
- But we don't have the orders.
- The factory can't go dark.
The machines have to keep
running to make them nervous.
Also. post job ads on recruiting sites.
Say you're hiring about
a hundred more people.
Offer top-dollar salaries.
What?
Desperate President Kang Jae
Gyeong will offer you about 150 million.
Don't you dare sign anything. Just wait.
In 3 days. 300 million dollars.
I'll make sure to drive
up the company's value.
Just stick to the plan.
There you are. President Kang.
What's with this punk?
You seem to be in a good mood. sir.
- You're absolutely glowing.
- Did you hit your head again?
President Kang Jae Gyeong.
on the other hand. looked like hell.
She called an emergency meeting
and was running around like crazy.
An emergency meeting?
She must be really panicking.
So why are you telling me this?
I...
like you. President Kang.
Go get them. sir.
That crazy son of a witch.
That guy's crazy. right?
(Choiseong Chemical. President's Office)
We'll acquire it for 150 million dollars.
Our budget for the port project
alone is 400 million dollars.
We have no more funds.
The board of directors
will lose their minds.
If they find out this is all
part of the succession battle.
they may even question your
fitness to be the next chairman.
And you want me to just give up?
Don't you all realize how
important this project is to me?
This is your chance to
get in on the ground floor.
Can't you see that?
I'll use my own money to
cover the difference if I have to.
So draw up a new contract.
Now.
- What do we do?
- We'll have to find a way.
(Choiseong Chemical. President's Office)
Ma'am.
I said I'm not on your side.
President Kang Jae Gyeong.
you've made a huge mistake.
You get it now?
He's even meeting with CEO Kim right now.
What are you waiting
for? Get me the details!
Yes. ma'am.
(Hwang Jun Hyeon)
(Chairman Na Byeong Mo)
To what do I owe the pleasure
from Choiseong C&T's President...
especially at a busy time like this?
Please. Father. I need
your help just one more time.
That vixen. Kang Jae Gyeong.
had the gall to bid 150 million dollars.
We're going to need 200
million to secure the deal.
You guaranteed you'd buy the
company for 100 million dollars.
and now you're asking me
for another 100 million dollars?
Try to find anyone who will lend
you a single penny without collateral.
Why are you getting
more and more shameless?
The real estate under my
family's construction company...
I'll put it up as collateral.
You know my father's a
huge landowner. right?
Once the acquisition is
complete and I become Chairman.
I'll give you your pick of
the most valuable properties.
Get up. Don't wear out your
knees. You'll suffer when you're old.
Secretary Jo. give my son-in-law
some money on his way out.
As much as he needs.
Thank you. Father.
Thank you.
(GF Solution. CEO Kim Sang Do)
CEO Kim. I've adjusted the
price to one you'll find satisfactory.
- Our offer of 100 million...
- About that...
Choiseong C&T is
offering 200 million dollars.
What. 200 million dollars?
You know I'd love to honor our
long relationship. President Kang.
but this puts me in a tough spot.
I'll look forward to a better offer.
Secretary Yeo.
How much Siren Capital
Partners money can we access?
President Kang Jae Seong is
already aware of that slush fund.
- Tapping into that is too risky.
- Stick to the plan!
And liquidate the real estate in
the Siren Capital Partners name.
It doesn't matter. I can
fix it all once I'm Chairman.
- Next applicant. come in.
- Okay.
(GF Solution New Hire Interviews)
(GF Solution)
And the next bid is?
- I bid 210 million dollars.
- Where did you get that money?
It's from the private equity
fund. Siren Capital Partners.
So. GF Solution is mine now.
I bid 220 million dollars. I'll buy it.
- President. you can't.
- I took out a secured loan.
It's mine now!
- I bid 240 million dollars.
- We have 240 million dollars.
I bid 260 million dollars!
C&T bids 260 million dollars.
I bid 280 million dollars.
Chemical bids 280 million dollars.
I bid 290 million dollars!
No. 300 million dollars!
(C&T. Chemical)
President Kang Jae Seong!
Sold!
Hey! Kang Jae Seong!
Darn you! Are you out of your mind?
Don't you see we're the only
losers if this price gets out of control?
I don't care if we lose money or not.
All I care about is beating you.
What's wrong? Is your
slush fund empty already?
You should've skimmed
more off the top. Or...
married rich like me.
This money...
Is it Taeha's?
My father-in-law.
He's so mad at you
about the port project...
that he opened his vaults for me.
There's no way you can
win this fight against me.
Because no matter what.
I'm going to outbid you
by ten million dollars.
I told you not to trust
your father-in-law. didn't I?
- Did you forget what Father said?
- Since when do you care?
- You tried taking him down. Please.
- For goodness' sake.
Watch your mouth.
Kang Jae Seong.
You are an accomplice too.
Is that any way to talk
to your older brother?
Darn. You're trying so hard. little sis.
I'm off to buy GF Solution.
so let me know if you want to
give the port project back to C&T.
Got it?
If you had just trusted me.
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Now you've lost GF Solution for nothing.
Shut it. Don't be cocky.
How about I give you a hand?
I can put a stop to this right here.
Don't be ridiculous. How
could you possibly do that?
I guess you don't want Choiseong. then?
You're not desperate
enough to become Chairman.
In that case.
I should go see President Kang Jae Seong.
I hear he's looking for me.
You really...
have a way?
You know what I'm capable of.
Help me.
If you help me just this once.
I will never forget it.
Apologize to me first.
For doubt. violence. and tailing
me after I went out of my way to help.
If you give me a sincere
apology. I'll reconsider helping you.
I am truly sorry.
Mr. Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Kang Jae Gyeong actually backed down.
You have the 300 million ready. right?
Let's go.
To buy GF Solution.
Kang Jae Seong is here
with 300 million dollars!
Three hundred billion...
won.
(CEO Kim Sang Do)
CEO Kim?
The terms of the contract
are exactly as stated.
"Thirty percent of GF Solution's stock...
"is not included in the acquisition."
What is this supposed to mean?
That's a special condition for the
acquisition proposed by CEO Kim.
That wasn't part of the initial deal.
Thirty percent is out of the question.
Wait. whose shares are these anyway?
Are these your shares. CEO Kim?
If you want to walk away. be my guest.
President Kang Jae Seong is
dying to close the deal. regardless.
What's it going to be?
Do you agree?
(Kang Jae Seong. Choiseong C&T President)
Goodness.
- Unbelievable.
- Good grief.
It's President Kang Jae Seong.
I...
agree.
All right. Same here.
Then please sign here.
I can just buy that 30 percent later.
Getting my hands on GF
Solution is what matters right now.
(Corporate Acquisition Agreement)
(Seller: Kim Sang Do.
Buyer: Kang Jae Gyeong)
Looks like you've got
a big payday. CEO Kim.
How was this even possible?
I still can't believe it.
Thank you. Chief Hwang.
It was a good deal.
It's a company that's more than worth it.
That 30 percent of GF Solution stock.
Who should I transfer them to?
To Smile Investment.
Whatever you want. just
say it. Mr. Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Your shares in Choiseong C&T Corporation...
Give me one percent of it.
One percent?
Why C&T shares? Chemical stocks
will be worth more when I take over.
I want to take a shot at
becoming the president of C&T.
Why?
- You don't think I can?
- No. I think you just might.
Honestly. I was a little surprised.
I didn't realize you were this ambitious.
You know. I want you. Mr. Hwang.
Badly.
That's the first time you looked
at me like you actually trust me.
Work for me.
Make me the chairman of Choiseong.
and I'll make you president
of Choiseong Chemical.
I'll consider it...
seriously.
Leaving so soon?
- The victory party's just started.
- I have to pack.
I took some time off for a vacation.
Where to?
A place with great mountain views.
What's that term they use these days?
A hot spot?
Anyway. it's a real hot place.
Did your dad send you to get me?
Or to leave your pathetic loser...
- of a husband?
- It's on you for losing the deal.
You're right.
A jerk like me deserves to die.
I don't deserve to live.
It's a waste of good alc...
That hurts!
You're not even going to stop me?
I had CEO Kim just about convinced.
We just needed to sign the contract.
and it would've been a done deal.
But Kang Jae Gyeong pulled a
trick and turned the tables on me.
- I'm telling you. I'm going crazy!
- That's your problem.
You've spent your whole life
unable to beat her based on merit.
and yet. it never even
occurs to you to play dirty.
Who said you had to fight fair?
If that didn't work. you
should've found dirt on her.
That cold-blooded witch? There's
no way she has a weakness...
Wait. she does.
A weakness.
Kang Jae Gyeong...
tried to kill our father.
Tell me exactly what happened.
What are you talking about?
The view really is different from up here.
Is this why my father could
never leave this office?
If you sit here long enough.
it's enough to make anyone greedy.
Don't you agree. Managing Director Lee?
That depends on the person. I suppose.
Good. Then at the next
board of directors meeting.
I'll finalize my succession.
As for our "upstanding"
Managing Director Lee...
I wonder where I should transfer you.
Welcome aboard. everyone.
This is Korea Airways Flight 747...
bound for Yulivia.
Our flight time to Yulivia
is 14 hours and 30 minutes.
Further information regarding the flight...
will be provided by our
flight attendants shortly.
We'll do our best to ensure you
have a pleasant and safe journey.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen. welcome aboard.
This is Korea Airways
Flight 747 bound for Yulivia.
(Main lithium deposits.
Lithium Business Division)
(Kang Jae Gyeong)
Yes. President Kang Jae Gyeong.
Just calling to say you
should enjoy your vacation.
Because when you get back. Mr. Hwang.
I'll be Chairman of Choiseong
Group. so don't be surprised.
Then I'll have a surprise
gift ready for you.
I can't wait.
I wonder what kind of surprise it will be.
You have every reason to be excited.
Because I'm going to give you a real shock.
(Reborn Rookie)
I came to warn him.
To show him what happens
when you mess with Choiseong.
Well. look at Mr. Choiseong.
The lithium business rights
are ours no matter what.
You know Na Byeong Mo is a shady character.
We have to break him.
Hwang Jun Hyeon. Kang Jae
Gyeong's man. brought in the port project.
I asked for something for this rage!
Let's find the right moment
and crush her in one blow.
Those who would appoint
me. Kang Jae Gyeong.
as the next Chairman...
Mother?
All that's left is for our
family to finally be happy.
If I don't do this. someone else will.
Bang Geul. what are we
going to do about your father?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today